What is an Illinois Business Tax (IBT) number and how do I obtain one?
When do I need a Federal Tax Identification Number or Employer Identification Number (EIN)?
How do I file an Assumed Name or DBA?  
How do I obtain a Reseller’s Certificate?
How do I incorporate my business in Illinois?
How Do I form a Limited Liability Company (LLC) in Illinois?
How do I check to see if a LLC/Corporation name is available?
How can I become a certified minority or female owned business?
Where can I purchase Sales Tax Charts?
Are there grants available to start a small business?
What Loan Programs are available for my small business?
Where do I go for help with government contracting?
Do I need to register my business if I am from another state but will do business in the State of Illinois?
Do I need a professional license for my proposed business?
Where can I receive compliance assistance with state rules or regulations?
How can I learn more about upcoming changes in rules and regulations that might impact my business?
Where can I get assistance with excessive or unfair federal regulatory enforcement actions?
What assistance will be available in Illinois from the federal stimulus bill?
List state run programs receiving supplemental funding including unemployment benefits, food stamps, vocational
Do I need a Business License?
Is a license required to operate a home-based business?
How do I obtain a Certificate of Good Standing for my Illinois corporation?
How do I add a DBA to a corporation or Limited Liability Company (LLC)?
Are there restrictions on “going out of business” sales, “closing out” sales or “liquidation” sales in Illinois?
How can I obtain a copy of my business license?
How do I reinstate my company?
Is there insurance available for those deemed uninsurable?
What ownership structure choices do I have?
Is a Professional Employer Organization (PEO) required to register in Illinois?
How do I register an association in Illinois?
What can I charge for a returned check in Illinois?
How do I become a Notary Public in Illinois?
Does Illinois allow for the formation of low-profit LLC's (also called L3C's)?
Do I need a license operate a dog grooming business in Illinois?
What are the requirements for closing a business in Illinois?
Where can I file a complaint about deceptive or fraudlent business practices?
Is a license required for Travel Agents in Illinois?
I am required to provide COBRA health insurance coverage for former employees?
What services are available to assist high growth businesses in Illinois?
How much interest am I allowed to charge on overdue accounts in Illinois?
How to register as a Not-for-Profit?
What are the requirements for operating vending machines in Illinois?
Is there free small business counseling available in Illinois?
How do I form a Limited Partnership (LP) in Illinois?
How do I form a Limited Liability Partnership (LLP) in Illinois?
Where do I register a Trademark, Servicemark, or Tradename in Illinois?
How do I form an "S" Corporation in Illinois?
What assistance is available to small businesses interested in pursuing international trade opportunities?
How do I register to accept food stamps or LINK card purchases?
Where are Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) filings made in Illinois?
Do I need a state license to perform HVAC services in Illinois?
What is the Employee Classification Act?
What taxes are imposed on distibutors of tobacco products, other than cigarettes, in Illinois?
What is the difference between an Independent Contractor and an Employee?
What is the Illinois Small Business Job Creation Tax Credit?
What are the requirements for operating a Hookah Lounge in Illinois?
What are the requirements to operate a towing service in Illinois?
What are the requirements to be a Certified Nursing Assistant?
Does the Illinois Department of Revenue operate a Business Hot Line to assist businesses and tax professionals?
Are Business Brokers required to register in Illinois?
What are the requirements for operating a Hotel, Motel, Inn, or Bed and Breakfast in Illinois?
How to do a criminal background check on someone?
Where do I obtain a copy of a company's Articles of Incorporation filed in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a Common Carrier Pipeline in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a Public Utility providing Natural Gas Service?
Is a license required to operate a Public Utility providing Electric Service?
Is a license required to operate as a Meter Service Provider in Illinois?
Is a licensed required to operate a trucking company?
Is a license required to operate a Public Utility to provide Telecommunication service?
Is a license required to operate a Public Utility providing Water or Sewer Service?
Is business ownership for me?
What is a business plan?
How do I register a general partnership?
How do I register a limited partnership?
What are the requirements for becoming a provider in the Illinois Medical Assistance Program?
Where can I find out more on Anti-Discrimination Laws in hiring employees?
Where can I get more information about the Workers' Compensation Act in Illinois?
Am I required to withhold a portion of an employee's income for child support?
What do I need to do to certify an employee's identity and work eligibility?
What work-related accidents must be reported to the Illinois Workers' Compensation Commission?
What posters are Illinois employers required to display?
What are the employer requirements for the Rate Adjustment Fund and Second Injury Fund?
Is there help in understanding what my health insurance options are?
Am I requierd to post notice of workers compensation coverage in Illinois?
Who is responsible for payment of workers' compensation benefits in Illinois?
Does Illinois offer promotion assistance to the food and agribusiness industries?
Does the State of Illinois offer animal disease laboratory services?
Does Illinois offer assistance for research laboratories or animal production facilities that have been vandalized?
What assistance does the State of Illinois offer to promote the export of food and agriculture products?
What sources of Agricultural Statistics are available for the State of Illinois?
Is a license required in Illinois for pesticide manufacturers, dealers, applicators and users, or agrichemical facility containment areas?
Are bee keepers required to register their bee colonies in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate as a Grain Dealer or a Grain Warehouse In Illinois?
Is a license required to produce animal food containing horsemeat?
Is a license required to sell seeds in Illinois?
Is a license required for manufacturing commercial animal feed in Illinois?
Is a license required to construct a Lawn Care Containment area?
Is a License required to operate a custom processing facility?
Is a license required for a Type I Processor and/or Slaughterer?
Is a license required for Feeder Swine Dealers in Illinois?
Is a license required for Livestock Auction Markets in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate as a livestock dealer in Illinois?
Is a license required Meat Brokers, Poultry Brokers or Meat and Poultry Brokers in Illinois?
Is a license required for a refrigerated warehouse?
Is a license required to sell, board, train or breed animals in Illinois?
Is a license required for the collection and disposal of dead animals in Illinois?
Is a license required to sell and/or break eggs in Illinois?
Does Illinois license or register Illinois Stallions and Foals for Horse Racing purposes?
Are there registration requirements for Mixed Fertilizer  and Fertilizer Materials in Illinois?
What are the requirements for operating a Nursery in Illinois?
How does seed dispute arbitration take place in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a Personal Property Warehouse in Illinois?
How do I record a Livestock Brand in Illinois?
What are the requirements for commercial weighing devices in Illinois?
What are registration requirements for Buyers  and Brokers of Livestock for Slaughter in Illinois?
What Department Regulates Infectious Diseases among Animals in Illinois?
Are there Reporting requirements for Foreign Persons and Firms to own agricultural land in Illinois?
Are Illinois dairy plants required to report statistical data?
Does Illinois require Soil Amendments to be registered?
What State of Illinois certifications are there for Businesses owned by Minorities, Females and Persons with Disabilities?
Does the State of Illinois set aside any contracts exclusively for small businesses?
What is required to sell commodities and equipment to the State of Illinois?
Where can I get information about the requirements to operate a child care facility?
Is there assistance available to help parents of my daycare pay their children's tuition?
Do providers of therapeutic mental health services to children need to be certified by the State of Illinois?
Is there funding for Comprehensive Community Based Youth Services programs?
What are Illinois workNet centers?
Am I required to make unemployment insurance contributions?
Does Illinois offer employers assistance finding and retaining qualified employees?
What assistance is available for employers and employees facing layoffs due to imported goods?
Is Foreign Labor Certification required in Illinois?
What is the Migrant Seasonal Farm Workers (MSFW) Program?
Are tax Credits available for hiring disadvantaged Illinois workers?
What Illinois Labor Market Information is available?
What assistance is available to employers bonding employees?
What requirements apply to employers who have recently hired employees?
What are the requirements to offer or teach the Firearms Training Course required by registered employees of Private Detectives, Private Alarm and Security Contractors to obtain a Firearm Carry Card?
Are there restrictions for using the word "Bank" in an Illinois business name?
Are there restrictions for using the word "Trust" in an Illinois business name?
Is a license required to operate as an Auctioneer in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate an Internet Auction Listing Service in Illinois?
What are the requirements to convert a depository institution into an Illinois Savings Bank?
Is a license required to conduct business as a Home Inspector in Illinois?
Is a license required to become an Illinois residential mortgage licensee?
What are the requirements to merge an existing depository institution into an Illinois Savings Bank?
Is a license required to operate a non bank cash dispensing machine (ATM) in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a pawnshop in Illinois?
What are the requirements for organizing a Savings and Loan Association or a Savings Bank in Illinois?
Is a license required to be a real estate appraiser in Illinois?
Is a license required for real estate brokers or agents in Illinois? 
What are the requirements to print checks in Illinois?
Is a license required to form a State Bank In Illinois?
Are boxing promoters required to be licensed?
Is a license required to practice Acupuncture in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice Architecture in Illinois?
Is a license required to be an Athletic Trainer in Illinois?
 - Division of Professional Regulation
Is a license required for employees of Private Detective, Private Alarm, or Private Security Contractors to carry firearms on the job?
Is a license required to be a Barber in Illinois?
Is a license required for professional boxers in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice as a Clinical Psychologist in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a collection agency in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice Dentistry in Illinois?
Is a license required to administer lie detector tests in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice as a dietician or nutrition counselor in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice as an Environmental Health Practitioner in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice as an Esthetician in Illinois?
Is a license required for Funeral Directors or Embalmers in Illinois?
Is a license required to provide home medical equipment  and supplies in Illinois?
What are the requirements for Interior Designers in Illinois?
Is a license required for Land Surveyors in Illinois?
Is a license required for Landscape Architects in Illinois?
Is a license required for Cosmetologists in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice Naprapathy in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice Optometry in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice as a Professional Counselor or Clinical Professional Counselor in Illinois?
Is a license required to offer services as a Roofing Contractor in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice as a Social Worker or Clinical Social Worker in Illinois?
Is a license is required to practice Orthotics, Pedorthics or Prosthetics in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice Perfusion in Illinois?
What licenses are required for manufacturing, distributing or dispensing Controlled Substances in Illinois?
Is a license required to engage in the business of locksmithing in Illinois?
What are the requirements for distributing Contact Lenses via mail-order in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice as a Marriage and Family Therapist in Illinois?
Is a license required to conduct business as a Nail Technician in Illinois?
Is a license required for Nursing Home Administrators in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice Occupational Therapy In Illinois?
What are the requirements for employees of a licensed Private Detective, Private Alarm Contractor, Private Security Force or Locksmith Agency in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice Pharmacy in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice Physical Therapy in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice medicine in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice as a Podiatrist in Illinois?
Is a license required for Private Alarm Contractors in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate as a Private Detective in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate as a Private Security Contractor in Illinois?
Is a license required for Professional or Structural Engineers in Illinois?
Is a license required for a Geologist in Illinois?
Do individuals that perform medical radiation procedures need to be accredited?
What types of accreditations for medical radiation procedures are there?
Would an individual who performs Industrial Radiography need to be certified?
What are the certification requirements for facilities performing mammography?
Does a business need to be licenses to use radioactive materials?
Is a license required to mitigate the levels of radon in a home in Illinois?
Is a license required to perform any service to detect the presence of radon or radon progeny in Illinois?
Do generators and brokers of Low-level Radioactive Waste (LLRW) have to register in Illinois?
Who registers diagnostic imaging specialists and therapeutic radiological physicists in Illinois?
Do individuals operating Class 3B or Class 4 laser equipment need to register in Illinois?
Do individuals using x-ray equipment in Illinois need to be registered?
Is a license required to perform service on radiation machines in Illinois?
Are individuals using x-ray equipment in Illinois required to register?
Is a license required to use radioactive materials In Illinois?
Is a license required for a Genetic Counselor in Illinois?
Is a license required for Nursing in Illinois?
Is a license required to form Professional Service Corporation or Design Firm in Illinois?
Is a license required to form a Proprietary Security Force in Illinois?
Is a license required for Public Accountants in Illinois?
Is registration required for a Medical Service Corporation in Illinois?
What registration is required for Practitioners of Respiratory Care and Cardiorespiratory Care in Illinois?
Is a license required for Shorthand Reporters in Illinois?
Is a license required for Speech Language Pathologists or Audiologists in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice as a Veterinarian in Illinois?
Is a licensed required to operate as a Wholesale Drug Distributor in Illinois?
Is a license required to practice Electrology (hair removal) in Illinois?
Is a license required to sell prepaid legal services in Illinois?
Is a license required to make consumer loans in Illinois?
Is a license required to make loans secured by retail installment contracts in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a Currency Exchange in Illinois?
Is a license required to provide debt management services in Illinois?
Is a license required to establish a Development Credit Corporation in Illinois?
What are the requirements for operating a state chartered Credit Union in Illinois?
Is a license required to provide safety deposit boxes in Illinois?
What are the requirements to provide Title Insurance in Illinois?
Is a license required to offer money transmittal services in Illinois?  
Are there registration requirements for Employee Leasing Companies in Illinois?
How can Fraternal Benefit Socities provide insurance benefits for their members in Illinois?
What are the requirements to form a Health Maintenance Organization (HMO) in Illinois?
Are Insurance Agents required to be licensed in Illinois?
Is a license required to provide Insurance Producers with continuing education courses in Illinois?
What are the licensing requirements to form an Insurance company in Illinois?
How do I become licensed to sell Illinois State lottery tickets?
What occupations within Illinois' gambling industry require licenses?
What is required to operate a gambling riverboat?
How do I become a supplier of gambling equipment?
What do I need to do if I want to conduct a horse race?
What occupations within Illinois Horse Racing require licenses?
What are the requirements to repossess motor vehicles for-hire in Illinois?
What license requirements apply to forming Risk Bearing Entities, such as Religious  and Charitable Risk Pooling Trusts,
What are the requirements for forming a Limited Health Service Organization (LHSO) in Illinois?
Is a license required to finance insurance premiums for property and casualty insurance in Illinois?
Is a license required for a Public Insurance Adjuster for Property and Casualty Insurance in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate as a Third Party Administrator in Illinois?
Is registration required to operate a Third Party Prescription Program in Illinois?
Is a license required to act as a Viatical Settlement Provider in Illinois?
Is certification required for a Substance Abuse Treatment Provider to participate in Medicaid?
Is a license required to provide alcoholism or substance abuse treatment and intervention services in Illinois?
Are tax credits available to assist businesses making facilities or vehicles more accessible to persons with disabilities?
Is technical assistance and training available to businesses and people with disabilities regarding the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA)?
What assistance is available to Illinois employers seeking to hire persons with disabilities?
What is the Illinois Displaced Homemakers Program?
What are the requirements for operating carnival and amusement rides in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a Day Labor Services Agency in Illinois?
Are contractors ever required to use Illinois laborers on public works projects?
What are the provisions of the Equal Pay Act of 2003?
What are the requirements for employing minors in Illinois?
What law regulates the payment of wages to employees in Illinois?
What requirements are there for Illinois employers regarding toxic substances in the workplace?  
Is a license required to operate a Nurse Agency in Illinois?
What are the provisions of the One Day Rest in Seven Act?
What are the provisions of the Personnel Records Review Act?
What wage requirements are there for contractors awarded public works contracts in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a Private Employment Agency In Illinois?
What are the provisions of the Right to Privacy in the Workplace Act?
What are the provisions of the School Visitation Rights Act?
What is the minimum wage in Illinois?
What are the provisions of the Victims' Economic Security and Safety Act (VESSA)?
What requirements apply to construction in the floodways of Illinois rivers, lakes and streams?
What licenses are required for the commercial harvesting of fish and wildlife in Illinois?
What are the requirements for conducting scientific research in an Illinois nature preserve?
Is a license required to operate as a Timber Buyer in Illinois?
What requirements apply to siting a landfill near a dedicated nature preserve in Illinois?
Is a license required for operating a passenger boat for hire, or renting a boat for hire in Illinois?
Is a license required to grow ginseng in Illinois?
What assistance is available to assist in reclamation of abandonded mined lands in Illinois?
What technical assistance is available to small coal mine operators in Illinois?
What assistance is available to Illinois homeowners and landowners in determining whether an underground coal mine exists on their property?
Is a permit required to operate a Coal Mine in Illinois?
What are the requirements for conducting Coal Exploration operations in Illinois?
Are Coal Mine personnel required to be certified in Illinois?
Is a permit required for surface mining of minerals other than Coal in Illinois?
Is a license required for blasting operations at non-coal surface mining operations in Illinois?
What are the requirements for possessing or storing explosives in Illinois?
Are operators of Oil or Gas production wells in Illinois required to pay an annual fee?
Is a Permit required to drill a Class II Injection Well in Illinois?
Is a Permit required to construct a Class II Fluid storage structure in Illinois?
Is a permit required to oil lease roads at Illinois well sites?
Is a permit required to transport liquid oilfield waste in Illinois?
Is a permit required to drill coal test holes in Illinois?
Is a permit required to install a vacuum pump on an oil well  in Illinois?
What are the requirements to operate a Non-Community Pubic Water Supply in Illinois?
What are the requirements for producing Bottled Water in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate an Ambulance Service in Illinois?
Is a license is required to operate an Ambulatory Surgical Treatment Center (ASTC) in Illinois?
What are the requirements for Asbestos removal in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate an Assisted Living facility in Illinois?
Is Certification required to perform analysis of public water supplies in Illinois?
Is Certification required to perform analysis of Milk in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a Community Living Facility in Illinois?
What is the process for Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation Facility (CORF) Medicare Certification in Illinois?
Is a Pemit required to produce or sell Milk in Illinois?
Is a license required for Emergency Medical Technicians (EMT) in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate an End stage renal disease facility in Illinois?
Who regulates food service sanitation managers in Illinois?
Is a license required to store or sell partially damaged food in Illinois?
What are the requirements to operate a Food Processing facility in Illinois?
Is a license required to sell Hearing Instruments in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a Home Health Agency in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a Hospice Program in Illinois?
What are the requirements for operating a Hospital in Illinois?
What are the requirements to administer child hearing and vision screening tests in Illinois?
What are the requirements to remove Lead from buildings in Illinois?
What are the requirements to operate a Life Care Facility in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a Mobile Home Park in Illinois?
What are the requirements for manufacturing housing units in Illinois?
What are the requirements for housing agricultural workers in Illinois?
What is required for Medicare Certification for providers of Outpatient Physical Therapy/Speech Pathology/Occupational Therapy Services (OPT/SP/OT) in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a Nursing Home in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a campground or youth camp in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a Tanning Facility in Illinois?
Is a license required to perform plumbing services in Illinois?
Is a license required to install private sewage disposal systems in Illinois?
Is a license requred to operate a facility for persons with HIV Disease in Illinois?
Is a license required to perform pest control services in Illinois?
Is a license required to build a swimming pool, water slide or bathing beach in Illinois?
What are the requirements for drilling wells in Illinois?
Are grants available to provide regional ambulance service in Illinois?
What are the requirements for Rural Health Clinics in Illinois to become Medicare Certified?
What are the requirements for providers of Portable X-Ray services in Illinois to become Medicare Certified?
What are the requirements to operate a tattoo or body piercing establishment in Illinois?
Is a License required for retail sales in Illinois?
How do I register my business to pay Business Income Tax in Illinois?
What are the requirements to operate an automobile rental business in Illinois?
Is a license required to conduct a Bingo game in Illinois?
What taxes are imposed on Public Utilities in Illinois?
What is the Chicago Home Rule Municipal Soft Drink Tax?
What are the requirements to distribute cigarettes in Illinois?
Is a license required to transport cigarettes in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate Coin-Operated Amusement Devices in Illinois?
What is County Motor Fuel in Illinois and how does it apply to my business?
Is there a Hotel Tax in Illinois?
Does my business require a motor fuel license in Illinois?
What is Motor Fuel Use Tax in Illinois and is my business liable for it?
What is the Chicago Metropolitan Pier  and Exposition Authority Food and Beverage Tax?
Is a permit required to purchase alcoholic liquors for non beverage purposes in Illinois?
What are the tax requirements when purchasing or selling an existing business in Illinois?
Are Motor Fuel distributors required to collect and remit Prepaid Sales Tax in Illinois?
What is Service Occupation Tax and how does it apply to my business in Illinois? 
What are the requirements for selling tires in Illinois?
Am I required to withhold Income Tax for my employees in Illinois?
Is a Permit required to move oversize or overweight objects on Illinois highways?
What are the requirements for transporting hazardous materials over Illinois highways?
Is a license required to operate a Vehicle Safety Inspection Testing Station in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a Home Nursing agency in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a Home Services, non-medical agency in Illinois?
What is Use Tax and are Illinois retailers liable for paying it?
Does the IDOR offer business tax seminars?
What loan programs does the Illinois State Treasurer offer to assist Illinois businesses?
Is a license required to ;operate ;a Laundromat in Illinois?
Can Pollution Control Facilities qualify for property Tax relief in Illinois?
Are Waste Water Treatment facility operators required to be licensed in Illinois?
Is my business required to obtain an air pollution control permit from the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency?
Are Water Treatment Plant Operators required to be licensed in Illinois?
Are Illinois businesses subject to Vehicle Emission Inspections allowed to self test their vehicle fleets?
What are the requirements for operating a Landscape Waste Composting facility in Illinois?
What are the requirements to operate a non-hazardous waste landfill in Illinois?
What are the environmental requirements for operating a coal mine in Illinois?
What are the reqirements for the construction of wastewater treatment facilities or sewer systems in Illinois?
What are the requirements to discharge process wastewater in Illinois?
What are the requirements for constructing a Community Public Water Supply (CPWS) in Illinois?
What are the requirements for managing Hazardous Waste in Illinois?
What are the requirements to transport special waste in Illinois?
What are the requirements for transporting Potentially Infectious Medical Waste (PIMW) in Illinois?
What are the requirements for managing Non-Hazardous Waste in Illinois?
Are Business Opportunity sellers required to register in Illinois?
Are Investment Advisors required to be registered in Illinois?
Are Loan Brokers required to register in Illinois?
What form do I need to claim Private Placement Exemption Status?
Are Securities Brokers required to register in Illinois?
Where do I register securities of my small business in Illinois?
Who registers securities in Illinois?
Where do I register or become licensed with to sell securities in Illinois?
Can I qualify for exemptions as a Securities Issuer?
Is there a program designed to increase the basic reading, math, writing, and/or language skills of my employees?
What is the "Workplace Education Resource Directory?"
Who licenses wine markers and micro breweries?
Is there a license to be a liquor distributor in Illinois?
Are mail-order sales of alcoholic beverages licensed in Illinois?
Do I need a license to sale alcohol at special events?
Is there a license to sell or serve alcohol on airplanes, boats, trains or at auctions in Illinois?
Where do I apply for a retail liquor license?
What is the Historic Preservation Tax Credit?
Who do I need  to contact in order to excavate or otherwise disturb archaeological or paleontological sites on any public land?
What if human remains are discovered during a construction project?
What if my construction project poses a potential threat to a historic resource?
What type of government documents does the Illinois State Library have?
What type of maps can I find at the Illinois State Library?
Where can I receive information about patents or trademarks?
How can I access books and materials at Illinois State Library?
Who registers credit counseling for consumers?
Where can I get copies of the Illinois Administrative Code on CD ROM?
Where do art auction houses register?
Are dance studios required to maintain a bond for the benefit of individuals entering into contracts?
Are developers required to file a bond?
Where in Illinois do Lobbyist register?
Where do credit services organization register?
Where do ticket brokers register in Illinois?
Where can I go to get a commercial driving license (CDL)?
Where can I obtain information about becoming a Commercial Drivers Training School?
What do I need to provide in order to get an Illinois drivers license?
When is a school bus permit required?
Is there a license for automotive parts recyclers?
Do I need a license to be an automotive scrap processor?
Is a license required to be an automotive repairer?
Do I need a license to be an automotive rebuilder?
How do I become a licensed vehicle dealer?
Do I need a license to be an Illinois Remitter?
Do I need a license to be a vehicle auctioneer?
Are Illinois driver's license lists available for sale?
Am I required to report chemicals or other hazardous substance at my business?
Is my business subject to the requirements of the Illinois Chemical Safety Act (ICSA)?
Who regulates boilers and pressure vessels?
How do I receive a Certificate of Operation for boilers and pressure vessels?
What are the rules regarding fire safety in telecommunication facilities?
Is a license required to maintain fire extinguishers or fire suppression systems?
Who regulates underground storage tanks?
Is a permit required to operate a gas station?
Is a permit needed to operate an "unattended" gas station?
Is a permit required to store fuel?
Do I need a permit for an above ground storage tank(s)?
Is a permit required to store liquefied petroleum (LP) gases?
Is there a permit to remove an underground storage tank?
Where do I register my underground storage tank?
Where can I obtain information regarding rules for seating furniture for use in public occupancies?
Where can I obtain information about selling or displaying fireworks?
Does my business need to be inspected by the State Fire Marshall?
What are the requirements for handling used and waste tires in Illinois?
What are the reporting requirements for using toxic chemicals in Illinois?
What are the requirements for injecting fluids into the ground from a well in Illinois?
At what age can a person purchase a long gun or handgun in Illinois?
Who do I need to contact to sell or manufacture firearms in Illinois?
How are cemetery associations formed in Illinois?
What permits are needed to operating a crematory?
Do sellers of pre-need funeral contracts need to be licensed?
What cemetery authorities must register and or be licensed?
Which cemeteries and funeral homes are licensed by the Illinois Comptroller's office?
Do I need to register if I am a professional fundraiser?
Are charities required to register in the Illinois?
Where do franchises register in Illinois?
Is there a loan program available to assist low-net worth farmers to purchase capital?
How does the Illinois Finance Authority's Participation Loan Program work?
Is there a program available to expand my livestock business?
Is there assistance to help promote production of new crops or livestock not customarily grown?
Can agricultural debt be restructured in Illinois?
Is there a program to assist young farmers in Illinois?
Is there a program that can provide 501(c)(3) corporations with tax exempt bond financing for capital improvement projects?
What assistance is available for manufacturing companies to obtain financing through Industrial Revenue Bonds in Illinois?
What Bonding programs are available to assist Local Governments in Illinois?
Is there a Loan Program for businesses located in rural areas in Illinois?
What financial assistance is available for privately owned Solid Waste Disposal companies in Illinois?
Is there a program in Illinois to assist farmers with working capital?
Can Illinois Finance Authority Guaranteed Loans be sold in the secondary market?
What are the provisions of the Illinois Finance Authority's Value-Added Stock Purchase Guarantee Program?
Is there a program to provide short-term financing to Local Governments in Illinois for water or wastewater treatment projects?
Is there a program to assist Local Governments in Illinois with issuing bonds?
Is there a program to provide Local Governments in Illinois with short-term borrowing solutions?
What is the Title IX Revolving Loan Fund?
What services does the Illinois Manufacturing Extension Partnership offer?
What is a Cooperative Business?
What are the provisions of the Worker Adjustment  and Retraining Notification Act (WARN)?
What is the Illinois Capital Access Program?
What programs does Illinois have to assist the Coal Industry?
What is the Community Development Assistance Program?
What is the Community Services Block Grant (CSBG) Loan Program?
How can the Illinois Employer Training Investment Program (ETIP) benefit my business?
What programs does the State of Illinois offer to encourage Energy Efficiency and Recycling?
What are the benefits of locating a business in an Illinois Enterprise Zone?
What is the Illinois High Impact Business Program?
Does the State of Illinois offer programs to assist businesses in complying with federal health and safety regulations?
How does the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity's Participation Loan Program work?
What is the Illinois Small Business Environmental Assistance Program (SBEAP)?
What programs are available to help promote Tourism within Illinois?
What Technology Development programs are available in Illinois?
Who administers Workforce development programs in Illinois?
What is the Economic Development For a Growing Economy Tax Credit Program (EDGE)?
Does the State of Illinois require a license for the use and advertisement of 1-900?
Is a license required to conduct business as a peddler in the City of Chicago?
Is a license required to conduct business as a photographer in Illinois?
Is a license required to provide Non-Emergency Medical Transportation in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a Health Club in Illinois?
Is a State license required to operate a Flight Instruction School in Illinois?
What are the requirements for operating a grocery store in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a Fish Market in Illinois?
What are the requirements to practice as an Attorney in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate an Advertising Agency or Public relations Firm in Illinois?
Is a State license required to sell aircraft in Illinois?
Is a license required to operate a telephone answering service in Illinois?
What is the STEP Initiative?
Who do I contact for policy information on schools?
What are the rules and regulations for opening a restaurant in Illinois?
Are funds available to assist Illinois Communities in developing access to technology for their residents?